V2.17-RUN-16243-stats-list-credentials-datasource (#729)
run-ai/docs: docs/Researcher/user-interface/workspaces/create/create-ds.md

| **Issues found** | Failed to access the cluster. |
| **Deleting** | The data source is being removed. |

!!! Note

>     * The *Status* column in the table shows statuses based on your level of permissions. For example, a system administrator will see status that are calculated from the entire scope, while researchers will only be able to see statuses that from a subset of the scope (assets that they have permissions to).

Author: ```suggestion
    * The *Status* column in the table shows statuses based on your level of permissions. For example, a user that has create permissions for the scope, will see statuses that are calculated from the entire scope, while users who have only view and use permissions, will only be able to see statuses from a subset of the scope (assets that they have permissions to).
```
